So to actually make a request from another application I'm going to be creating a fake client application
so that I can clearly make requests to my API application so I'll switch back to Intel.
And I'm going to say I want a new project for feyne client so new project next and this is going to
be a faint light.
And let's also update the artifact.
Here we go.
I'll quit next.
And after that I want this to be a web application so that we can have the Tom-Kat functionality right
after that.
Let's check out the phone client annotation Fink line Dep. for inclined as you can see we don't have
anything appearing right here but in the routing section we actually have the client and as you can
see from its description it say take the risk client from Netflix.
So let's check out that and let's just create our application.
All right we're ready and I'll hit finish and I'm going to be opening up in this new window here we
go.
So our project doesn't seem to be managed by me.
And let's just hit refresh and have it here.
All right.
So let's check out our structure of our application and to do that.
I'll first start by the Palm and in the palm file you should notice that we have a new dependency for
Fein and that is spring clouds Trotter feyne.
With that the Ben is he will be able to make request with our feyne client.
So now to make a request with feyne client what I'm going to do is I'm going to create an accessory
package and in that package I'm going to be creating an interface for fayn client.
So let's go to our project and I'm going to be creating a new package and that package is going to be
the accessor package in the accessory package.
I'm going to create the API accessor.
All right.
And of course this is going to be an interface why this is an interface because fayn client automatically
generate code to call your service behind the scenes and all you have to do is create an interface for
the application that you're going to call it Eureka and then annotated properly and mimic the request
mapping for your application.
It might seem like fuzzy for now but let's take a look at how we can implement.
And you'll see how easy it is so i'll hit.
OK.
Here we go.
We have our fayn client accessor indebt accessor.
The first thing that we're going to do is we're going to annotate our accessor as the client in that
way inclined annotation.
We're going to be providing the application that we're going to be connecting.
And of course you have other options as qualifier you are all configuration fallback and path for our
case the application that we're going to register is the nearest API application.
So let's switch back to our STPI application and get the actual name for it.
Arest API application is named as this.
So we're going to be simply using this name to make our requests so that Eureka is going to understand
that we're trying to reach turist API application that is registered with.
And then we can simply make our requests to that application.
So I'll copy that and I'll say I want to be a frank line for STPI application.
All right.
What else do we need.
What we need now is the type of request type of end points that we want to use Woodcrest API application
for that.
Let's switch back to arest API application and see what we can do.
And let's go to our controller and in RSA be-I application we have the jet endpoint post and point and
point and delete and point.
So let's start off with the basic example that we have and which is the get and point forget and point
what we need to do is we need to provide the request mapping for that.
And that is going to be API slash product slash ID.
All right.
And of course we're going to be taking back a product in result.
So for that case I'm going to be creating a product object in my finish line so that it can map the
request data back successfully.
So I'll go to my product class and I'm simply going to copy it and even better let's copy the package
and have everything ready there so I'll paste the package right here.
And of course in this case we don't have to be having an entity to make requests.
We just need a simple POJO so that it can map the response state up to our product object.
So let's get rid of all these annotations configuration for JPA and have a simple POJO.
All right.
And also let's get rid of the imports statements that we don't use anymore here we go.
We have a clean POJO object for our product.
So if we go back to our Estadio accessor we should be creating a new method and that method is going
to be taking back the product with an ID.
So I'll say I need a product back and I'll simply say Get product from rest API so that we can clearly
understand that we're fetching it from there.
So in that method we're going to be taking a screaming argument.
So what we should do now is we should take the request mapping as full from the rest API application.
So let's switch back to our STPI application and copy the path.
And actually we can copy the whole line so that we can use it easily.
Let's get back to it and I'll paste it right here and then I'm going to be saying that I want this to
be ID
and of course the request method is going to be get.
All right.
And also what I should say that this idea is going to be a path variable and the value for that path
variable is ideal of course.
All right.
We're actually ready to make our request with thin client.
But before we do that let's verify that if we can connect to our Eureka server and I'll switch back
to my application class and I'll also say enable Eureka client.
But as you notice we don't have the dependency for it.
So let's get the dependency from our ISAPI application.
I'll go to my Palm file and in my palm file I'm going to copy the Eureka dependency.
All right let's switch back to our feyne application and in our palm file let's paste the dependency
for Eureka.
All right.
And I'm going to enable all the imports so that it can get the dependency right away.
Intel is asking me to insert the class for your Ricca client.
So let's do that now.
All right.
I hit alt enter and we have our Eureka client and actually we have left one more thing to do and that
is our application properties.
So let's go to our application properties and in here I'm going to say that I want to use the port as
80 ADHD and the application name that I want to use is swinged application.
That name is going to be feyne client.
All right.
The other things that I need to do is regarding Eureka.
I have to provide a couple of properties so that it can register itself at Eureka.
So let's go down there and I'm going to say eureka got client enabled is through and then I'm going
to say client registered Derica as also true.
And then eureka Quine's infects registry.
It's also true.
And then I'm going to enable the non secure part and I'll provide as true.
All right.
Let's run our application and see if we can connect to our Eureka's server.
And let's make our laws a little bit higher and we can see everything clearly.
And as you notice our Finke line just registered itself at Eureka and the status is 200 HTP OK and its
name is feyne client.
So let's go to our Eureka server for a second and verify our application if it registered itself.
So I'll hit refresh.
And here we go.
We have our feyne client application.
So what we need to do now is we're simply going to make our feyne client requests to RSA API application
so to do that is super simple right now because we have set everything up.
Now let's go back to our fayned client and actually make the request in my client application.
I'm going to implement the command line runner so that we can make our requests easily.
And I of course have to implement the run method command line runner and in the run method I'm going
to be calling our accessor API accessor so to do that I'll have to provide the instance variable for
it private rest API accessor
and rest the API accessor.
And of course I have to be using the injection for all the wiring.
So I'll use solder injection and I'm simply going to order wire it.
All right and right down in the run method what we're going to do is we're going to make a call to our
product and get a product back.
So for this purpose I'm going to be taking a product back product from feyne client and the product
that I'm going to get is rest API accessor get product from ISAPI and you should remember that we're
going to be needing an I.D. to get the actual product.
So let's go to our console forest API application and get an ID from the database
RSA application is already up and running.
And let's go to h to console localhost ADHD
and to.
Let's go back to our database and in our product table we already have a single record.
So I'll copy the idea from here and go to my finish line project and I'll place the ID to make the request
and now let's test out our feyne Colline.
So it does work but to actual test it out I'm going to be actually adding a logger's so that we can
see the result in our statements.
So if we're doing that I'm going to be using a logger from a cell for a J.
And I'll take the local factory and get logger Fraenkel on the application class.
All right so the statement below here I'm going to be logging out product info and product
product from Ras API application as going to be product from feyne client to streng.
All right let's run our application and see our finish line in action.
So I'll hit pre-run.
Our application is starting up now.
And we have a problem with our application Sprint could not although our recipient accessor.
And that's because we forgot to use the Nabl Finkle and sanitation in our main class.
So let's fix that and renew our application.
So I'll say enable points.
All right.
That annotation is going to be enabling the faint line functionality and actually going to scan and
find the Fank line that I've annotated.
All right let's rerun our application.
But before we rerun let's also provide the spring method to our product so that we can see it easily.
So I'll go to my product object and right below I'm going to be saying that I want to string and with
all the objects all the properties of my product I'll hit enter.
And here we go.
So let's switch back to our fayned going to application and rerun it.
Our application is almost up.
And here we go.
Our application started itself and connected to discovery client the Eureka server and it started itself
and for 80 and 88 after that we have our result from the client.
We could actually get it get the data from our STPI application with Faid client.
And as you can see within these low statement we have the product from ISAPI application and the data
is with the idea that we've given and the name is simple product and this is a test product and type
as custom and the category is special as you know is that calling an application with Freyne client
with the help of Eureka server is just a line of code but behind the back of that line of code we of
course created our fear inclined accessor which was an interface so that we can make our requests to
receive the API application or any application that you want.
In this interface what we use this we use the client annotation spring clouds Todder fayn within the
annotation we provided the application name so that you raquet can understand the name and direct us
to that application which is running under local housed ADHD our ISAPI application.
And after that we use a request mapping and we clone the request mapping from RSA application.
And the thing that we copied is the get Mathare or waras API application in the get method.
We were receiving an ID from the path.
And with that ID we were going through our repository and bringing back new product with different ID.
So in this method we sat were going to be using the functionality of API application and we provided
the method same as their as you're well aware by now creating a fake client is fairly simple we just
added the co-features of Eureka's over to our mix to our cooking so that we could have a actual working
finish line because the other way making a request would fain quite as simple as making a request WordPress
template we wanted to make it a little bit different from this template and we use Eureka's or this
time you Rakha handled our connection and found the application within its registry Dan redirected our
requests to that application.
Simple as that.
And also you should notice that we can create all the methods from the rest API application right here
and interface methods so that actually is all about that you should know from Fank line from Netflix
to talk about the exercise that I'm going to give you and make an overview.
I'll see on the next.